Refactors Hosts section. (#258)
shinzonetwork/docs: content/hosts/register/index.md

+++
title = "Register"
weight = 4
+++

To participate in the Shinzo Network and make your view publically available, you need to register your Host.

## Register with the GUI

1. Start your Host with the health/registration port published (`-p 8080:8080`). The registration app is served on port `8080`, and the default command in [Install](/hosts/install) does not publish it.

> 1. Add the Shinzo Devnet to your browser wallet with the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the Shinzo Testnet to your browser wallet with the following values:
```

   - Network name: `Shinzo`

>    - Default RPC URL: `http://rpc.devnet.shinzo.network:8545`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Default RPC URL: `http://rpc.testnet.shinzo.network:8545`
```

   - Chain ID: `91273002`
   - Currency symbol: `SHNZ`
1. Open the [registration page](http://localhost:8080/registration-app) and select **Connect** to connect your wallet.

    {% admonition(type="info") %}
    If your Host is running on a remote server (Hetzner, DigitalOcean, GCP, AWS, etc.), use SSH local port forwarding to access the registration page.
    1. On your local machine, run `ssh -L 8080:localhost:8080 user@your-server-ip`.
    1. Open `http://localhost:8080/registration-app` in your browser.
    {% end %}

> 1. Click **Register** and select **Host** as your role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Register as Host** and fill out all the details
```

> 1. Click **Register** and select **Host** as your role.

Reviewer: @johnnymatthews on another note worth explaining the parameters

<img width="3002" height="1296" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5f8fa37b-b912-4cdd-ae9c-29670fa9a769" />
